You know that scene in every space movie. Someone draws two points, A and B, on a piece of paper, and a line connecting them. A wormhole, they explain, is like folding this here piece of paper in half so that points A and B are closer to each other. As it turns out, we've actually figured out how to do this for computing.

In 1905, Albert Einstein upended our intuitive notions of the relationship in space and time. Building on these ideas, a few decades later we discovered that there exists fundamental randomness built into the universe, and proceeded to develop a field that has since become the most thoroughly tested in all of science: Quantum Mechanics. This is not hypothesis. We have produced matter from pure energy, and our understanding of the statistical nature of spacetime underlies modern technologies such as GPS and cellular communication. In recent decades, we've turned our pioneering gaze toward computing. By utilizing incredible quantum truths we've discovered deep inside the nuclei of atoms, teams at IBM and Google have successfully built Quantum Computers. And more are coming. For some important classes of computational problem, the power of even a rudimentary Quantum computer will rival that of the combined power of all classical computers ever made.

Quantum Computers are part alien technology, part time-machine, and part science fiction–and we've already built them. They will upend our classical ideas of computing, cryptography, and information in an intellectual revolution for the ages.